README.md, before:

# AdminEnhancements
Ring Admin Enhancements

Change Log:

v0.7.1

Fixed display of Report buttons

v0.7

Added symbols to color swatches for colorblind assist

Added Stream Report to show Average End Stream, End Stream, and Start Stream.

v0.6.9

Added i2c_error reading and parsing

v0.6.6

Added ability to download graphs.

v0.6.5

Added RSSI Variance Graph.

v0.6.1

Fixed issue with double buttons appearing.

v0.6

Buttons and Spree Link should work more reliably.

Added fixes for AJAX calls that updates the page.

Added basic comments to code and changed some structure for readability.

v0.5

Generate Battery Report button now works.

v0.4.5

Summary button now works.

Fixed some css issues.

v0.4.1

Changed placeholder to button. Not functional at the moment.

v0.4

Converted to using jNode checks. Should only be checking the node that was changed instead of the entire document.

v0.3.2

Fixed MSP Error not highlighting when blank

v0.3.1

Fixed MSP Errors not highlighting

v0.3

Added update URL

v0.2

Added Low Battery Warning (<15%)

Changed Update Method to look for Ajax changes instead of Pulse Method

Commit message:

v0.7.5
Removed fix for Spree Link. Hyperlink is now generated correctly
Removed null value displays in APE Summary tooltips
Disabled color coding for reports as it should now be default
Added button to toggle between the default and APE Summary Buttons (APE
will be default ON)

README.md, after:

# AdminEnhancements
Ring Admin Enhancements

Change Log:

v0.7.5

Removed fix for Spree Link. Hyperlink is now generated correctly

Removed null value displays in APE Summary tooltips

Disabled color coding for reports as it should now be default

Added button to toggle between the default and APE Summary Buttons (APE will be default ON)

v0.7.1

Fixed display of Report buttons

v0.7

Added symbols to color swatches for colorblind assist

Added Stream Report to show Average End Stream, End Stream, and Start Stream.

v0.6.9

Added i2c_error reading and parsing

v0.6.6

Added ability to download graphs.

v0.6.5

Added RSSI Variance Graph.

v0.6.1

Fixed issue with double buttons appearing.

v0.6

Buttons and Spree Link should work more reliably.

Added fixes for AJAX calls that updates the page.

Added basic comments to code and changed some structure for readability.

v0.5

Generate Battery Report button now works.

v0.4.5

Summary button now works.

Fixed some css issues.

v0.4.1

Changed placeholder to button. Not functional at the moment.

v0.4

Converted to using jNode checks. Should only be checking the node that was changed instead of the entire document.

v0.3.2

Fixed MSP Error not highlighting when blank

v0.3.1

Fixed MSP Errors not highlighting

v0.3

Added update URL

v0.2

Added Low Battery Warning (<15%)

Changed Update Method to look for Ajax changes instead of Pulse Method
